Abbey here is the place where I found my wife so that's always a nice reflection.
I used to be, well I used to go running lots at the time as well and I had been running around all
of the hills and the farms and I'd met a number of characters and of course you don't realize at the
time when you join things together that I'd already met Diana's father because I used to run over the
hill at Devanna and come through the farm yard there and I'd met him on the hill driving an old
Ferguson and he is one of my fondest memories of the village to be honest just stopping and chatting
to such a friendly person as he and had the time of day for anybody and so I'd already met her father
but there's a long story and I'll just give you the very short version how I met Diana
but I was driving down the road one day and I came up behind a little Peugeot 205 and I saw
in the the rear view mirror this beautiful pair of eyes and these big eyebrows and I just thought
wow I don't know who that is I've never seen that car or that person before so as you do in the
village I popped into the happy union and I asked the person at the bar next to me who happened to
be Dai Llanon who's David Jones from Llanon and I said I've seen this little car on the road and
you don't happen to know who owns it he said oh that's my cousin that is that's Diana from
Devanna and he promptly gave me her phone number and I then rang her up on a Sunday
only to be told that she couldn't speak to me at that point in time because
she was had there was a service going on because there were the Methodist services there anyway
nonetheless having told me she couldn't speak to me she spent about 20 minutes chatting away
nicely to me and recounting the thing the various people we knew together we'd never met
um before she asked me what on earth I wanted and I then said well I'd quite like to get to know you
and another big highlight was the wedding with Diana where everyone in the village just turned
out I think there was this sense of oh thank goodness we've got Jake under wraps now he's
married to a nice girl down down the road that's a good good pairing and everyone turned out so
people outside the church it was it was brilliant and for me I went from Cross Cottage to the pub
had a had a whiskey to embrace myself and then walked back over the road to the church
and then in typical fashion Diana and myself all prepared for the whole thing because we we did it
all very locally we had the reception in the village hall we walked down to the village hall
and all the local children got a rope over the road and they which is a local tradition
and they only drop the rope if you put a pound in the bucket uh for them and so you pay a toll to
pass and then we we lined up queuing with everyone else until someone said no Jake you're meant to be
at the front of the queue welcoming people to go into the into the hall and um after that we then
had the um the party at Davana itself with a band in a marquee which we borrowed from the scouts in
Newtown uh and uh so all done on a on a shoestring absolutely fantastic and um the I bought all the
the wine for the tables here and uh there was quite a plentiful supply with John Jones and my
brother who was a barman in Leicester at the time both waitering they both went around and poured
wine and kept people well imbibed throughout but at the end there were still bottles of wine left and
people made their way from the village hall to Davana walking along the road carrying a bottle
of wine in one hand and just had a great time so that's a big highlight for me